add --destination-use-user-folder option to files:transfer-ownership command (#3993)
owncloud/docs: modules/admin_manual/pages/configuration/server/occ_commands/core_commands/file_commands.adoc

[width="100%",cols="35%,70%",]
|===
| `--path=[PATH]`                 | selectively provide the path to transfer. +
For example --path="folder_name"
| `-s, +
--accept-skipped-shares`          | always confirm to continue in case of skipped shares.
| `--destination-use-user-folder` | if destination user never logged in + 
and thus has no mounts transfer + 

> directly to top-level user folder.

Reviewer: The first line is a if
followed by a statemet - ok
but the next line does not point to a solution or explanation (directly to top-level user folder).
The sentence looks "strange/confusing"

Well done, your changes render the following ✔️ 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3321281/132984335-59d4a054-bcde-4fdb-a18d-606d5d393d75.png)

Author: any suggestions how to improve? my docs were really engineer driven

Reviewer 2: Yes, this is difficult to parse. A comma after "mounts" should clarify things. Then the share is transferred directly to the top-level user folder.

Author: @mmattel @EParzefall adjusted, can you check now ?

[width="100%",cols="35%,70%",]
|===
| `--path=[PATH]`                 | selectively provide the path to transfer. +
For example --path="folder_name"
| `-s, +
--accept-skipped-shares`          | always confirm to continue in case of skipped shares.
| `--destination-use-user-folder` | if destination user never logged in + 
and thus has no mounts transfer + 
directly to top-level user folder.
|===

> 
> 
> 
> For example, to move all files from `<source-user>` to `<destination-user>` transfer folder, use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For example, to move all files from `<source-user>` to `<destination-user>` transfer folder, use the following command:
```

    <destination-user>
----

> In case when entire user folder of `<source-user>` needs to be migrated to `<destination-user>` user folder, use the `--destination-use-user-folder` switch, as in the example below.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If the entire user folder of `<source-user>` needs to be migrated to `<destination-user>` user folder, use the `--destination-use-user-folder` switch, as in the example below.
```

> Destination user needs to be created but never log in, we recommend using owncloud maintenance mode for this operation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The destination user needs to be created but never log in, we recommend using owncloud maintenance mode for this operation.
```
